Feature/generate data using a math expression (#3)
DamascenoRafael/mqtt-simulator: README.md

    | Key | Type | Description | Required |
    | --- | --- | --- | --- |
    | `NAME` | string | JSON property name to be sent | yes |
    | `TYPE` | string | It can be `"int"`, `"float"`, `"bool"` or `"expression"` | yes |
    | `INITIAL_VALUE` | number or bool (same as defined in `TYPE`) | Initial value that the property will assume when the simulation starts (random otherwise) | optional |

>     | `MIN_VALUE` | number | Minimum value that the property can assume | if `TYPE` is different from `"bool"` or `"expression"` |

Reviewer: Since we now have more types, I think it's better to mention the types for which this field is mandatory rather than mentioning the exceptions.
The same goes for the other properties that are described like this.

```suggestion
    | `MIN_VALUE` | number | Minimum value that the property can assume | if `TYPE` is `"int"` or `"float"` |
```

    | `RESTART_ON_BOUNDARIES` | bool | When true and the value reaches `MAX_VALUE` or `MIN_VALUE` the next value will be the `INITIAL_VALUE` | optional, default is false. Only valid if `TYPE` is `"int"` or `"float"` |
    | `MATH_EXPRESSION` | string | Math expression writen in a *Pythonic* way<br/> Also accept fuctions from [Math modules](https://docs.python.org/3/library/math.html)  | if `TYPE` is `"math_expression"` | 
    | `INTERVAL_START` | number | Minimum value that the `MATH_EXPRESSION`'s variable `x` can assume | if `TYPE` is `"math_expression"` |
    | `INTERVAL_END` | number | Maximum value that the `MATH_EXPRESSION`'s variable `x` can assume | if `TYPE` is `"math_expression"` |
    | `MIN_DELTA` | number | Minimum value that can be added to the  `MATH_EXPRESSION`'s variable `x` from a published data to the next | if `TYPE` is `"math_expression"` |
    | `MAX_DELTA` | number | Maximum value that can be added to the  `MATH_EXPRESSION`'s variable `x` from a published data to the next | if `TYPE` is `"math_expression"` |
    

>     > **_NOTE:_** Access [expression.md](./expression.md) file for more explanations and a example of `TYPE = "math_expression"`.

Reviewer: I think we can rename the file to `math_expression.md`, what do you think?

```suggestion
    > **_NOTE:_** Access [math_expression.md](./math_expression.md) file for more explanations and a example of `TYPE: "math_expression"`.
```
